I think what causes the most stress for me and my job is M I. A. Ah, doing
what's required for the betterment of the organization in the command
and the people that have actually taken, ah lot of risk to get
to get me to where I'm at. So, for example, mentors and my superiors,
some of them have done a lot of things to get me in the position
that I'm at. And I want to make sure that every waking moment I'm basically
repaying them for for getting me to where I'm at today. And
so I want to make sure that the work that I'm doing is good and that
it's it's bettering the organization and making them proud. So those
air kind of the things that I think about and worry